README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
    <img src="resources/background-cover.png" alt="logo" width="200">
  <br>
  VS Code - Background Cover (Drop Webview with Spam Sites)
  <br>
</h1>

<p align="center">
Add a picture you like to cover the entire vscode, as well as the particle effect animation that follows the mouse<br/>
<br/>
添加一张你喜欢的图片铺满整个vscode, 以及鼠标跟随的粒子效果动画
<br/>
</p>

> Please configure it through the plug-in configuration command or the bottom button (do not modify the configuration parameters manually)

> **升级到3.6.2及以上时，如果出现背景重叠的情况，请关闭vsc重新打开即可。因为旧版本的重载不生效导致的**

## Warning

> **This extension works by editting the vscode's css file.**  
> So, a information appears while the first time to install or vscode update.U can click the [never show again] to avoid it.

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14969576/47090529-b1b0b080-d255-11e8-8812-d541cb1c3852.png)



---


>请通过插件配置命令或底部按钮进行配置（不要手动修改配置参数）


>Please configure it through the plug-in configuration command or the bottom button (do not modify the configuration parameters manually)



## Config 配置项

> 2.0 版本开始你只需要通过插件自带的配置项进行使用即可

> Starting with version 2.0, you only need to use the configuration items that come with the plug-in.

## Notice
---

>1.Click the bottom toggle background button

>2.ctrl + shift + P  >  "backgroundCover - start" 

>3.ctrl + shift + F7 >  "Random update background and restart"

>4.After updating vscode, the background will disappear, just re-apply your image.  

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14969576/58956744-b076c880-87d1-11e9-8552-7a9f93eaf3b4.jpg)


## Uninstall
---
    Why does the picture still there after uninstalling the extension?  
    Please turn off background image manually and restart vscode, which will automatically perform post cleaning operation and restart.
    

### Q&A

---

    Q:It seems that nothing happens after installing the extension?

    A:Make sure to have the administrator authority！！

---

    Q:How to open vscode with administrator permission??

    A:In windows,click right button on the vscode's icon,then check the [run with the administrator authority].

---

    Q:How do I start administrator privileges in MacOS?

    A:You can open the application installation package on your computer and find the CSS file in the program for permission modification. Or after selecting the picture in the plug-in, if you do not have write permission, you will be asked to enter the administrator password to obtain the corresponding permission.

---

## Latest Update History
[Full Log](https://github.com/vscode-extension/vscode-background-cover/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

#### ver 3.7.1 (2025/11/11)

    Add support for Code Server


---
### Thanks

* [vscode-background](https://github.com/AShujiao/vscode-background-cover)

### Links

* [GitHub](https://github.com/Paper-Folding/vscode-background-cover)
* [Visual Studio|Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=PaperFolding.vscode-background-cover-lite)

**Enjoy!**

Commit message:

chore: clean up some code and optimize import, so extension size is reduced

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
    <img src="resources/background-cover.png" alt="logo" width="200">
  <br>
  VS Code - Background Cover (Drop Webview with Spam Sites)
  <br>
</h1>

<p align="center">
Add a picture you like to cover the entire vscode, as well as the particle effect animation that follows the mouse<br/>
<br/>
添加一张你喜欢的图片铺满整个vscode, 以及鼠标跟随的粒子效果动画
<br/>
</p>

> Please configure it through the plug-in configuration command or the bottom button (do not modify the configuration parameters manually)

> **升级到3.6.2及以上时，如果出现背景重叠的情况，请关闭vsc重新打开即可。因为旧版本的重载不生效导致的**

## Warning

> **This extension works by editting the vscode's css file.**  
> So, a information appears while the first time to install or vscode update.U can click the [never show again] to avoid it.

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14969576/47090529-b1b0b080-d255-11e8-8812-d541cb1c3852.png)



---


>请通过插件配置命令或底部按钮进行配置（不要手动修改配置参数）


>Please configure it through the plug-in configuration command or the bottom button (do not modify the configuration parameters manually)



## Config 配置项

> 2.0 版本开始你只需要通过插件自带的配置项进行使用即可

> Starting with version 2.0, you only need to use the configuration items that come with the plug-in.

## Notice
---

>1.Click the bottom toggle background button

>2.ctrl + shift + P  >  "backgroundCover - start" 

>3.ctrl + shift + F7 >  "Random update background and restart"

>4.After updating vscode, the background will disappear, just re-apply your image.  

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14969576/58956744-b076c880-87d1-11e9-8552-7a9f93eaf3b4.jpg)


## Uninstall
---
    Why does the picture still there after uninstalling the extension?  
    Please turn off background image manually and restart vscode, which will automatically perform post cleaning operation and restart.
    

### Q&A

---

    Q:Seems not working on Code Server?

    A:Make you are using a valid https image url, after applying and reloading page, press `ctrl + F5` to force invalidating cache and refresh page to make it work.

---

    Q:It seems that nothing happens after installing the extension?

    A:Make sure to have the administrator authority！！

---

    Q:How to open vscode with administrator permission??

    A:In windows,click right button on the vscode's icon,then check the [run with the administrator authority].

---

    Q:How do I start administrator privileges in MacOS?

    A:You can open the application installation package on your computer and find the CSS file in the program for permission modification. Or after selecting the picture in the plug-in, if you do not have write permission, you will be asked to enter the administrator password to obtain the corresponding permission.

---

## Latest Update History
[Full Log](https://github.com/Paper-Folding/vscode-background-cover/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

#### ver 3.7.1~3.7.2 (2025/11/11)

    1.Add support for Code Server
    2.Update extension dependencies and metadata
    3.Clean up some code and optimize import, so extension size is reduced


---
### Thanks

* [vscode-background](https://github.com/AShujiao/vscode-background-cover)

### Links

* [GitHub](https://github.com/Paper-Folding/vscode-background-cover)
* [Visual Studio|Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=PaperFolding.vscode-background-cover-lite)

**Enjoy!**
